sea
telecaprisport.it
authorization issued the first update
software for google nexus one
we really have a thing after the terminal state
when they were superior in that
thanks to this update we have many taxi tundra uses clematis a
gallery
radio reception has been improved, we have more fluidity
and many other '' small '' innovations make it even more so we say excellent
terminal
let's start right away with speed as soon as we can say that I installed
official odnoklasniki and more
modified bear and dog
which will allow skin to then take advantage of all 512 megabytes of ram
facebook & lt all
Galen nations as you see now are much more fluid
we visited in verona for excellent
translation
the space
very very fast
go see the browser immediately
Bookmarks
the third singer
let's do suits
original theme
you can see really fast hehe
I voted
improvement also in the browser in the sense that we now have
scrolling and much more delicate
you can see
and we also have multitach music files there is really bad
if we use halfon as a comparison, I really can't find any difference
we can also clearly zoom in
with the keys though
multitach
it's something else
we go out laughing laughing maps
also maps we have the possibility
1 ...
with the pc
and held the same pic function
everything is really very fast and very fast
many guil maps have been updated
Announcements
only
that we have calzaiuoli where we can choose
traffic labels
the button my position
the comic buttons that allow us to
call let's say 1 point of intersection finder per unit of
true measure draw a line
to calculate the distance between frames always set vs demi this map
rt really
1 of the garden I have to come to the gallery the gallery opens with a speed
awesome you can see
fast
also this fantastic terminal game
our
the effect
- image and here it is
multitach as you see
it's very harmonious in motion if it's really a really nice job
the part 2
within scrolling of images
it's great
let's go back see the whole is really a lot of instant keys we have 1
miriam improvement also in the 4 buttons sofia staks but now they are
much more reactive
no pressure
to say way much more easily that it gets to take a little bit earlier
previous I'm
I abandoned sultan engenes a problem
- remained alone
however, even here we see the speed score
the
webmail ikea dir a little awesome makes you smile
how much free memory
as you can see there are 26 processes
and we have winning89 megavideo le
really or really much faster
do not laugh
another application
let's try with video
maximum seriousness gurs
atdi the photos of the save vs which is a degree so let's say research
photo you just want to take a picture of an image
eburnea will search on the internet
let's see if that
have disabled the history of however now received
photo pro
the usual camera remained unchanged
fast shutter speed
scary
I think the focus however you see
very very fast
cinema to see
in the settings menu capasso has it voice
here it is
as you see
eh already prepared
ter the new dock has been available for a few days
in this case we hate it
you have the possibility
iva listen to the audio via the doc
I show the info on the phone with you can see
we have a final version. a summer night
school of you
rt 27 and the modified kernel
what to say I really am that if the spirits pull up because it was already excellent
with this quick update it has become nothing short of
perfect honestly me
wrongly
I go underage prostitutes who are released like this
important
even more stable chlorine is faster so it is entirely up to everyone
sector update
and with this I greet you and give you appointment to the next videos only me and
you deep